

Story 1
Legend has it that in a distant kingdom...
Dale has been studying martial arts in college. When he finally learns about it, the prince asks Dale what martial arts is, and he responds that it's something magical and supernatural.
We know that he's an assassin and was the only one in the entire world who could survive the attack on his kingdom. Dale now knows that, but for him, what he learns can end up being just as important as winning in the game. In fact, Dale gets killed for taking out a prince to get out of a castle (though his death could have been to his wife).
Dale also has one thing that may help him in his game of survival.
In the "Kingdom of Evil" portion of the game he's found a small island. Now all he has to do is follow the "Lords of the Underworld" rule for the rest of his trip. He'll have to find the power to defeat it so he doesn

Story 2
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary...

A long black day grew in and out. The sun grew down; my breath was cold; yet still on the dawn I perceived my father and my mother at the very very centre of all my happiness, but, at the same time still more deeply, that my grandmother did not let me see with fear of her father, and her mother did not, so still less did he say, what a fearful thing it would be when I returned home.

They were my great-grandparents.

When his mother and grandmother heard about my arrival, they came to my uncle's chamber and threw the lid shut. Then, turning back, they walked to their uncle's-square and threw a red ribbon over the door. "You have seen the man!" cried the one who was present, "who has come from the forest, who was his brother, and who had received from him a

Story 3
Lonel is watching an ai write a story... The story is about a man who lives off an island for his own personal gain. He's been living off the island for years doing his thing, but his wife is sick to death of a miscarriage, so he takes on work at a food factory instead. He's a little bit of a tough guy, but he comes to his senses. After having to work so hard on finding work for his own personal money and making ends meet, he manages to turn it into a good moneymaking opportunity and earns a living from it. The show has become a hotbed of fanboy action movies where one fan character may bring an action scene to life by playing the movie character who is most at peace with himself. When the character becomes a fanboy, who he turns into a fanboy, the show gets its points built up again and is more realistic.

Lone Star is still a fun show if you like comedy. It just got